Implement the o-autocomplete design using accessible-autocomplete (#2)
Financial-Times/o-autocomplete: README.md

# o-autocomplete

> An origami component for autocomplete inputs. This is built on top of the excellent [accessible autocomplete component](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete) by AlphaGov.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Origami component for autocomplete inputs. This is built on top of the excellent [accessible autocomplete component](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete) by AlphaGov.
```

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Markup](#markup)
    - [For a static set of suggestions](#for-a-static-set-of-suggestions)

>     - [For a dynamic set of suggestions](#for-a-dynamic-set-of-suggestions)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [For a dynamic set of suggestions](#for-a-dynamic-set-of-suggestions)
    - [Use with o-forms](#use-with-o-forms)
```

## Markup

### For a static set of suggestions

> To provide a static set of suggestions, it is recommended to provide the suggestions via a `select` element, o-autocomplete will then progressively enhance the `select` element, using the provided `option` elements as the source for the suggestions.

Reviewer: "it is recommended" is an example of passive voice, which we try to avoid:
https://origami.ft.com/docs/principles/tone-and-language/#use-the-active-voice

```suggestion
To provide a static set of suggestions, we recommend using a `select` element. o-autocomplete will progressively enhance the `select` element, using the provided `option` elements as the source for the suggestions.
```

```html
<label for="my-autocomplete">Select your country</label>
<div data-o-component="o-autocomplete" class="o-autocomplete">
    <select id="my-autocomplete">
        <option value="fr">France</option>
        <option value="de">Germany</option>
        <option value="gb">United Kingdom</option>
    </select>
</div>
```

> 

Reviewer: How do we document the o-forms case, as in the demo? Maybe a separate markup example with o-forms markup and a paragraph saying form CSS needs to be included?

Author: To confirm I understand what you are saying, do you want the readme to include an example of how to use o-autocomplete as an input within o-forms?

Author: Done in [`95d084b` (#2)](https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-autocomplete/pull/2/commits/95d084bafc23611ef94cd394d3432e9fe63ebed7)

### For a dynamic set of suggestions

To provide a dynamic set of suggestions, you will need to provide a javascript function or name of a javascript function on the window object which follows the [dynamic-suggestions-function](dynamic-suggestions-function) <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr>.
```html
<div data-o-component="o-autocomplete" class="o-autocomplete" id="my-autocomplete"></div>
```

> 

Reviewer: We need to update the Sass example to import the `main` file now
```scss
@import "@financial-times/o-autocomplete/main";
```
(sorry I can't make a suggestion as it's not changed in this PR)

Author: Done in [`d12f692` (#2)](https://github.com/Financial-Times/o-autocomplete/pull/2/commits/d12f6925f976ad6c4e1d21391116a1b6a4403b0a)

## Markup

### For a static set of suggestions

To provide a static set of suggestions, we recommend using a `select` element. o-autocomplete will progressively enhance the `select` element, using the provided `option` elements as the source for the suggestions.

```html
<label for="my-autocomplete">Select your country</label>
<div data-o-component="o-autocomplete" class="o-autocomplete">
    <select id="my-autocomplete">
        <option value="fr">France</option>
        <option value="de">Germany</option>
        <option value="gb">United Kingdom</option>
    </select>
</div>
```

### For a dynamic set of suggestions

To provide a dynamic set of suggestions, you will need to provide a javascript function or name of a javascript function on the window object which follows the [dynamic-suggestions-function](dynamic-suggestions-function) <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr>.

The input element requires an `id` attribute, this is used within the component to implement the accessibility features.
```html
<div data-o-component="o-autocomplete" class="o-autocomplete">
    <input id="my-autocomplete" type="text" >
</div>
```

### Use with o-forms

> To have styling for labels, you will need to use o-forms as part of the autocomplete implementation.

Reviewer: 🙌 
```suggestion
To have styling for labels, you will need to use [o-forms](https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-forms) as part of the autocomplete implementation.
```

Below is an example of how to combine o-forms and o-autocomplete components together:
```html
<label class="o-forms-field" >
    <span class="o-forms-title">
        <span class="o-forms-title__main">Select your country</span>
    </span>

>     <span class="o-forms-input o-forms-input--select o-forms-input--text">

Reviewer: Think there is an excess modifier here (haven't tested that)
```suggestion
    <span class="o-forms-input o-forms-input--select">
```

> [Learn more about Origami component initialisation](https://origami.ft.com/docs/components/initialising/).

Reviewer: The initialisation page [is being replaced](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami-website/pull/360/commits/d447ba3f153a4afa33d868014064f24e05310a20), since the init method is no longer covered by a spec and was optional. Maybe a link to the component's JSDoc would be better?

### dynamic suggestions function

#### Example

```js

> async function customSuggestions(query, populateResults) {

Reviewer: It's not clear what to do with the custom suggestions function. A full example that includes passing the function to o-autocomplete would be excellent

Reviewer: I find the parameter/return table makes the readme harder to browse and maybe a little intimidating, there's a lot to parse on one page. I prefer to focus on examples by usecase in the README and leave the full API details to JSDoc. That might be more of a personal preference though!

Author: I've updated the example to show how to setup o-autocomplete with the customSuggestions function.

I'm not sure about the parameter/return tables either, I'm happy to remove them and lean on the JSDoc 👍

	const suggestions = await getSuggestions(query);
	populateResults(suggestions);
}
```

If wanting to supply dynamic suggestions, you will need to provide a function which implements the following <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr>:

<a name="customSuggestions"></a>

#### (query, suggestionsCallback) ⇒ <code>void</code>

| Param | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| query | <code>string</code> | Text which was typed into the text input |
| suggestionsCallback | [<code>suggestionsCallback</code>](#suggestionsCallback) | Function to call when ready to update the suggestions menu |

<a name="suggestionsCallback"></a>

#### suggestionsCallback : <code>function</code>
**Properties**

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| results | <code>Array.&lt;string&gt;</code> | The results to show in the suggestions menu |

> ## Keyboard Support

Reviewer: Helpful!
